README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Van Duy! 👋
## 🚀 About Me

🎓 I am Van Duy, an **Senior Android Developer** with 10 years of experiences. I am also pursuing my Master in **Computer Science** in United State and will graduate in dec-2026.

👨‍💻 I am really enthusiastic about learning new technology. In 2023, I learned **Jetpack Compose**, **Kotlin Multi Platform**.

🎸 Outside the world of tech too, I enjoy pushing myself to develop new skills. My hobbies range from **badminton**, **chess**.

✈️ I love **traveling** too.

## 🌐 Connect with Me:
[![linked-in](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linked_In-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=LinkedIn&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/van-duy-nguyen-b86578121/)

## 🛠️ Skills

### Languages

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=orange)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-7F52FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=orange)
![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
![dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-28B6F6?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white)

## 🛠️ Technologies
### Mobile Development

![Android SDK](https://img.shields.io/badge/android-34A853?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)
![jetpack compose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jetpack-Compose-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=jetpack-compose&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter)
![react-native](https://img.shields.io/badge/ReactNative-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![material-ui](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material_UI-0081CB?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui&logoColor=white)
![graphql](https://img.shields.io/badge/GraphQL-E434AA?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)
![html](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![css](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Springboot](https://img.shields.io/badge/springboot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/aws-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=aws&logoColor=FFFFFF)

### **Tools** 
![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Gitlab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-FC6D26?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Github Action](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-action-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-action&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Jenkin](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-D24939?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/circleci-343434?style=for-the-badge&logo=circleci&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/android-studio-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=androidstudio&logoColor=FFFFFF)

### Backend as a Service (BaaS)
![firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-ffaa00?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white)
![heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)

### Design Tools
![adobe-xd](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe_xd-470137?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe-xd&logoColor=white)
![figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/canva-00C4CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=canva&logoColor=white)

### Code Quality
![SonarQube](https://img.shields.io/badge/sonarqube-4E9BCD?style=for-the-badge&logo=sonarqube&logoColor=orange)

## 📊 GitHub Stats:
![Van's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=DuyNguyenGit&show_icons=true&hide=issues&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true)

## 🔭 Featured Projects:
- [Machine Learning Project](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/ML-Project): Objects Detection from images.
- [AWS - SpringBoot](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/EA-project-Official): A project to deploy a SpringBoot project to AWS.
- [FolioReader-Android](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/FolioReader-Android): A library of ePub reader written in Java.
- [Samsung Flip - Node Server](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/FlipDemo-NodeServer): A server to support streaming video.
- [Samsung Flip - Client](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/FlipDemo-ScreenSharing): A client app using WebRTC technology.
- [PubNub-Push-Notification-V4](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/PubNub-Push-Notification-V4): A library for a real time data stream service.

## 🔗 Links
[![linked-in](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linked_In-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=LinkedIn&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/van-duy-nguyen-b86578121/)
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit)
[![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@nguyenvanduy.vtk33dlu)
[![gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:nguyenvanduy.vtk33dlu@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Change name and update professional background
Updated personal information and skills in README.md.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Adrian! 👋
## 🚀 About Me

👨‍💻 I am a Senior Android Developer with over 10+ years of professional experience in developing Android applications and publishing many mobile apps to App Store. I worked at many big tech companies such as Samsung Electronics Vietnam, National Australia Bank, and Walmart Global Tech in US. My expertise includes Java, Kotlin, Jetpack Compose, design patterns like MVP, MVVM, Clean Architecture, dependency injection, CI/CD, Unit test and automation testing.

🎸 Outside the world of tech too, I enjoy pushing myself to develop new skills. My hobbies range from **badminton**, **chess**.

## 🌐 Connect with Me:
[![linked-in](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linked_In-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=LinkedIn&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adrian-duy-nguyen/)

## 🛠️ Skills

### Languages

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=orange)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-7F52FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=orange)
![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
![dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-28B6F6?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white)

## 🛠️ Technologies
### Mobile Development

![Android SDK](https://img.shields.io/badge/android-34A853?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)
![jetpack compose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jetpack-Compose-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=jetpack-compose&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter)
![react-native](https://img.shields.io/badge/ReactNative-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![material-ui](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material_UI-0081CB?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui&logoColor=white)
![graphql](https://img.shields.io/badge/GraphQL-E434AA?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)
![html](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![css](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Springboot](https://img.shields.io/badge/springboot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/aws-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=aws&logoColor=FFFFFF)

### **Tools** 
![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Gitlab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-FC6D26?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Github Action](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-action-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-action&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Jenkin](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-D24939?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/circleci-343434?style=for-the-badge&logo=circleci&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/android-studio-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=androidstudio&logoColor=FFFFFF)

### Backend as a Service (BaaS)
![firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-ffaa00?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white)
![heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)

### Design Tools
![adobe-xd](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe_xd-470137?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe-xd&logoColor=white)
![figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/canva-00C4CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=canva&logoColor=white)

### Code Quality
![SonarQube](https://img.shields.io/badge/sonarqube-4E9BCD?style=for-the-badge&logo=sonarqube&logoColor=orange)

## 📊 GitHub Stats:
![Van's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=DuyNguyenGit&show_icons=true&hide=issues&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true)

## 🔭 Featured Projects:
- [Machine Learning Project](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/ML-Project): Objects Detection from images.
- [AWS - SpringBoot](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/EA-project-Official): A project to deploy a SpringBoot project to AWS.
- [FolioReader-Android](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/FolioReader-Android): A library of ePub reader written in Java.
- [Samsung Flip - Node Server](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/FlipDemo-NodeServer): A server to support streaming video.
- [Samsung Flip - Client](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/FlipDemo-ScreenSharing): A client app using WebRTC technology.
- [PubNub-Push-Notification-V4](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit/PubNub-Push-Notification-V4): A library for a real time data stream service.

## 🔗 Links
[![linked-in](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linked_In-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=LinkedIn&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/van-duy-nguyen-b86578121/)
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DuyNguyenGit)
[![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@nguyenvanduy.vtk33dlu)
[![gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:nguyenvanduy.vtk33dlu@gmail.com)
